Computers themselves, and software yet to be developed, will revolutionize the way we learn.” – Steve Jobs. This one quote, is something that makes me want to be educated, and educate others through the uses of technology. If it wasn’t for the era I grew up in, I wouldn’t be as grateful for today’s technology as others are today. From the earliest moments off my life that I can remember, I was always amazed by computers. I vividly remember the joy I got from using my Dad’s PC for he first time at the age of 3 years old. Ever since that day I have been hooked. From Nintendo, Playstation, Xbox to PC’s, I have been gaming and enjoying the brilliance of today’s technology all of my life. An education in Computer Science was something I dreamt of from a young age. To be able to study a course that not only interested me, but I genuinely enjoyed was all I wanted. I am currently studying Computing and IT in Gower College Swansea. Last year I complete my A Leel in Graphics, I feel that this course has helped improve both my creativity and design thus complimenting the visionary skills needed when studying my current A level subjects. Outside of my graphics lectures I enjoy creating my own graphical designs as a hobby including designing logos for teams which compete inside of eSports. Unfortunately, my previous school did not quite have the up to date technical facilities to really allow me to explore computing as far as I would have liked. However, during my time at college I have no had access to such equipment and I am thoroughly enjoying the opportunity to really expand my horizons.

Computing has definitely made me more aware of how higher education works as I am constantly having to carry out my own personal research in my
spare time to help aid me. My problem solving skills have been influenced the most by this course due to the coding which I find very challengingin some stages, but very rewarding when itis solved. My IT course relates to the subject I wish to study also. From Networking to how Teams within ICT work,I have really been enlighted as to the world of IT and how it plays such a functional, extensive and essential part of many elements of life.

In my spare time, I like to help students with less knowledge on the course develop their skills during workshops within College. I find this extremely rewarding as I am able to pass on what I have learned to help others as well as sharpening my own communication skills I am a very outgoing person and love to become the best in what I do.

I am very interested in Astronomy and really enjoy watching documentaries, going to events and even star gazing in my spare time. I would really enjoy working in the space industry when I am older within the Computer Science side of things.

Another hobby of mine is gaming, this is one of the factors which lead me to becoming so interested in Computer Science. I am currently in a team for the game Counter Strike: Global Offensive. I have watched the Counter Strike franchise grow over the years and I have always been amazed by e-sports and everything surrounding it. I have attended 1 LAN event for Counter Strike with my team and we are also very active with online tournaments. I feel like Counter Strike has given me the opportunity to meet many great people who I can now call friends, from all over Europe. I believe that e-Sports and my activities in them help me learn to talk and meet with people from all over the world who are interested in the same things as me, I would also, in my future, love to work on creating and designing games and I feel that my huge interest in e-Sports would help me with this.

Overall, I feel that I am an extremely hardworking and creative person who wants to challenge myself in the future. I hope that studying Computing in University will help strengthen my knowledge of the subject and find me a successful career in the future in a field surrounding my topic.